== README

This web application is designed as a multiuser multi-resume manager

The concept:
You've had several jobs where you've had a variety of responsibilities. Those
responsibilities are not necessarily applicable to all of the jobs that you're
applying for. This necessitates multiple resumes (as if updating one resume
wasn't fun enough).

There should be an area where you can list all of your jobs and the respective
responsibilities in an easy way. Creating a resume should be as easy as cherry
picking from a swath of responsibilities (with all of the other information
autopopulating like what job it came from and when you worked etc). Now you
have multiple resumes, what a nightmare if you have overlapping
responsibilities in different resumes and you wanted to update all of them.
The system should allow you to change wording in a central location and the
changes should naturally propogate to the final resume.

Ok, so they're easy to make, but realistically you're not working on your
resume by yourself. Everyone is always asking someone to take a look at their
resume.

The system should allow for easy sharing of existing resumes (without the need
for registration) for review and modification purposes.

Now you have multiple refined resumes in an object oriented web based system.
You go to apply and you see one employer asking for a PDF, another for a DOC,
and yet another for a resume in plain text. If you've tried copying and
pasting your resume from an existing format into any other format, you'll know
why this is a problem.

You have 10 resumes (because of how easy they are to make now) and you need to
be able to export them in any format, because that's what the real world
requires. There should exist a single click solution for exporting to any of
the popular formats.
